docs/Docker.md, before:

# PassDeposit Docker Installation

For installing PassDeposit using Docker, follow the steps in this guide.


## Installation

**Server requirements**

* [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
* [Docker (v20.10.8 or later)](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/)
* [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

**Download using git**

	cd /opt
	git clone https://github.com/fluidblue/passdeposit.git


## Configuration

1. Set a password for the MongoDB `admin` account.
Add your password to the file `install/config/mongodb_initial_admin_password.txt`.

2. Set a password for the MongoDB `passdeposit` account.
Add your password to the file `install/config/mongodb_initial_passdeposit_password.txt`.
Also add the password in the files `install/config/passdeposit.json` and `install/config/mongodb-init-scripts/init.js`.

3. Configure PassDeposit.
Edit the file `install/config/passdeposit.json`. Details on the options are presented in the [configuration](Install.md#configuration) section of the general installation guide.


## Start PassDeposit

	cd /opt/passdeposit
	docker-compose up -d


## Updates

Your PassDeposit installation will only update when restarting the application stack. This happens e.g. during reboot.
It is recommended to update the application manually (e.g. with cron).
The following commands trigger an update:

	cd /opt/passdeposit
	docker-compose down
	docker-compose up -d

Commit message:

Using separate sample files for config

docs/Docker.md, after:

# PassDeposit Docker Installation

For installing PassDeposit using Docker, follow the steps in this guide.


## Installation

**Server requirements**

* [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
* [Docker (v20.10.8 or later)](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/)
* [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

**Download using git**

	cd /opt
	git clone https://github.com/fluidblue/passdeposit.git


## Configuration

1. Set a password for the MongoDB `admin` account:
Create the file `install/config/mongodb_initial_admin_password.txt` and save a new password for the `admin` account in it.

2. Set a password for the MongoDB `passdeposit` account:
Create the file `install/config/mongodb_initial_passdeposit_password.txt` and save a new password for the `passdeposit` account in it.

3. Copy the file `install/config/mongodb-init-scripts/init.js.sample` to `install/config/mongodb-init-scripts/init.js`.
Edit the file and set the MongoDB `passdeposit` account password (from step 2).

4. Configure PassDeposit.
Copy the file `install/config/passdeposit-sample.json` to `install/config/passdeposit.json`.
Then, edit the file to configure your PassDeposit installation.
Be sure to set your password for the MongoDB `passdeposit` account (from step 2).
Details on other options are presented in the [configuration](Install.md#configuration) section of the general installation guide.


## Start PassDeposit

	cd /opt/passdeposit
	docker-compose up -d


## Updates

Your PassDeposit installation will only update when restarting the application stack. This happens e.g. during reboot.
It is recommended to update the application manually (e.g. with cron).
The following commands trigger an update:

	cd /opt/passdeposit
	docker-compose down
	docker-compose up -d
